Document the process of migrating from Replicated to YBA Installer on a different VM (#22806)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/migrate-replicated.md

## Migrate a Replicated installation

You can migrate your existing Replicated installation to YBA Installer in place on the same VM (recommended). When migrating in place, both your Replicated configuration and the YBA metadata (universes, providers, and so on) are migrated to the YBA Installer format.

> Alternately, you can migrate the [Replicated installation to YBA Installer on a different VM](#migrate-from-replicated-to-yba-installer-on-a-different-vm). Only the YBA metadata (universes, providers, and so on) is migrated to the new VM; the Replication configuration is not.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternately, you can migrate the [Replicated installation to YBA Installer on a different VM](#migrate-from-replicated-to-yba-installer-on-a-different-vm). Only the YBA metadata (universes, providers, and so on) is migrated to the new VM; the Replicated configuration is not.
```

1. [Configure HA on the updated instances](../../administer-yugabyte-platform/high-availability/#configure-active-and-standby-instances).

[Failovers](../../administer-yugabyte-platform/high-availability/#failover) are possible again after the completion of this step.

### Migrate from Replicated to YBA Installer on a different VM

1. [Install YBA Installer](../install-software/installer/) on a new VM and [configure YBA Installer](../install-software/installer/#configuration-options) appropriately. Note that [Replicated configuration](../install-replicated/#set-up-https-optional) will not be migrated in this method.
2. Disable any YBA [high availability](../../administer-yugabyte-platform/high-availability/) (HA) configured on the Replicated YBA.

> 3. Perform a full backup on the Replicated installation. This backup includes prometheus and all existing releases. If the backup is too large, consider cleaning up unused releases through the YBA UI and/or reducing the prometheus retention interval in Replicated settings.

Reviewer: Are your referring to https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/yugabyte-platform/administer-yugabyte-platform/back-up-restore-yp/

Reviewer: Probably need links to relevant sections for deleting releases and Prometheus retention.

4. Stop YBA on the Replicated VM [through the Replicated UI or command line](../..//administer-yugabyte-platform/shutdown/#replicated). This is a critical step, otherwise you could end up with two YBA instances managing the same set of universes, which can lead to severe consequences.
5. Transfer the full backup from Step 3 to the YBA Installer VM.

> 6. Restore the backup on the YBA Installer VM using the command line `sudo yba-ctl restoreBackup --migration <path to backup.tar.gz>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Restore the backup on the YBA Installer VM using the command line as follows:

```sh
sudo yba-ctl restoreBackup --migration <path to backup.tar.gz>
```
```
